Add account-extban spec (#521)
ircv3/ircv3.github.io: _irc/index.md

bots and the network's authentication system, as well as better general display
and authentication of client identities.

> The [`account-extban` spec]({{site.baseurl}}/specs/extensions/account-extban.html)
> defines a way to either prevent a specific user account from joining a channel,
> make it exempt from bans, or permanently allow it to an invite-only channel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [`account-extban` spec]({{site.baseurl}}/specs/extensions/account-extban.html) defines an ISUPPORT token allowing clients to construct an EXTBAN targeting a specific user account, e.g. to prevent them from joining a channel, make it exempt from bans, or permanently allow it to an invite-only channel.
```

Slightly more accurate description.

Author: I felt it was too technical for a summary, but ok
